Smell kind of you.
Stranger. Smell like a veil of whiskey was dumped on you.
To the possibility of me and Celine work it together.
I mean, I am literally dying with Josie.
You two get to work for the male Miranda Priestley.
I mean...
Yeah.
Again, please.
Oh, thank you.
Oh, Joslyn.
It's a bit boss.
I understand the pressure that you are under right now.
You are a top-notch designer.
Well-known model, very successful businessman.
It's a lot on your plate, sir.
But all eyes are on you right now.
You have to get some rest.
All I do is work.
I can't sleep.
My mind goes 10,000 miles an hour.
And at least with this, I can drink this and it'll give me something to sleep.
Okay.
We should dance.
Favorite song just came on, so I will take this and I will.
Who was that?
You know, shit's given, girl.
That's one of my favorites all.
We have to investigate.
You don't care if anyone sees you, do you?
Nice to be sure to care about what people think.
Who are you?
It doesn't matter.
And me.
And you.
Are you.
And now, we're dancing.
I don't know what you're hearing.
You know, this and you are exactly what I need.
And what if I want to tell you that I want more?